Zelda - in the North American Super
Mario Brothers - often get a bad rap
since they're so different from their
respective originals introducing new
gameplay mechanics and perspectives with
various results but even though those
are both pretty major departures from
what fans were expecting they're still
undeniably decent games and maybe even
thoroughly enjoyable for son myself
included
another infamous NES sequel in the same
vein is Castlevania - Simon's quest
which continues the whip-cracking
Adventures of Simon Belmont and is
recurring battles against the Prince of
Darkness Count Dracula
its original release was surrounded by
tons of height as we even saw a
controversial and grisly cover of
Nintendo Power featuring Dracula's
decapitated head but looking at this
game in retrospect tends to get some
people a bit angry and if you start
playing it for yourself you can quickly
see why what a horrible night to have to
grind zombies for hearts so I can buy
some weird item that some guy in town
told me to buy in a really cryptic way
just so I can go to some mansion and
fall through a fake floor oh well but
before we get to those issues Simon's
quest still deserves a bit of credit
mostly for introducing a few elements
that would actually become standards for
later games in the series starting with
a phenomenal symphony of the night
Castlevania 2 takes a nonlinear
exploration approach as you embark on a
quest for collecting Dracula's body
parts and you'll traverse the landscape
to reach various towns and mansions some
RPG elements are introduced as well such
as talking to townspeople buying items
gaining experience points upgrading your
equipment and even the passage of time
from day to night so it seems like a
cool idea in all but there are some
major frustrations or run into not long
into your quest first of all the clues
are very cryptic sometimes even
downright false so without any kind of
guide or walkthrough you could quite
possibly go insane then if you figure
out where to go next and what item you
need you'll have to grind mobs of the
undead and collect their dropped hearts
which is now the currency in this place
it's very tedious and time-consuming and
if you happen to run out of lives so
you'll lose all your cash and experience
okay so maybe you've got your white
crystal in your holy water and your oak
stake and you're ready to get your first
piece of dreck and then you start
falling through the floor there are fake
blocks abound in this game and you'll
have to take some pretty annoying
measures to avoid them there are also
plenty of ridiculous puzzles like
summoning the infamous cyclone and
there's some horrible hint books that
seem to be lost in translation and of
course cheap deaths all over the place
all of a sudden collecting Dracula's
five body parts just so that you can't
read your way through is completely
empty castle and then take part in what
might be the easiest boss battle in all
of Castlevania history I had just
doesn't seem like it's worth the time
when you could be playing a good
Castlevania instead for its time Simon's
quest was very ambitious and very
noteworthy as a blueprint for the
metroidvania games to follow suit but
playing through it now is like an
exercise in medieval torture oh well at
least now I process red